README.md

## Overview

CatPhotoApp is a simple web application that displays cat photos and information about cats. The app is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Getting Started

To get started, clone the CatPhotoApp repository from GitHub:

```
git clone https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/cat-photo-app.git
```

Once you have cloned the repository, open the `index.html` file in a web browser. You should see a page with a header, two sections, and a footer.

## The Header

The header contains the title of the app, "CatPhotoApp".

## The First Section

The first section contains two parts: a link to a gallery of cat photos and a list of things that cats love.

The link to the cat photo gallery is created using the `<a>` element. The `href` attribute of the `<a>` element specifies the URL of the cat photo gallery. The `target` attribute of the `<a>` element specifies that the cat photo gallery should be opened in a new tab or window.

The list of things that cats love is created using the `<ul>` and `<li>` elements. The `<ul>` element creates an unordered list. The `<li>` elements create the list items.

## The Second Section

The second section contains two parts: a list of things that cats hate and a form for submitting cat photos.

The list of things that cats hate is created using the `<ol>` and `<li>` elements. The `<ol>` element creates an ordered list. The `<li>` elements create the list items.

The form for submitting cat photos is created using the `<form>` element. The `action` attribute of the `<form>` element specifies the URL where the cat photo submission form will be submitted. The `<fieldset>` element creates a group of related form elements. The `<legend>` element creates a caption for the `<fieldset>` element. The `<input>` elements create the form controls. The `<button>` element creates the submit button.

## The Footer

The footer contains a copyright notice and a link to freeCodeCamp.org.

## Code Snippets

Here are some code snippets that show how to create the different elements of the CatPhotoApp:

### Header

```html
<h1>CatPhotoApp</h1>
```

### Link to Cat Photo Gallery

```html
<a target="_blank" href="https://freecat

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)